---
title: Valero Wins Four American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) Safety
  Awards
url: https://www.valero.com/valero-wins-four-american-fuel-petrochemical-manufacturers-afpm-safety-awards
date: '2021-07-20'
author: Angela.Lopez@valero.com
feed_url: http://www.valero.com/rss.xml
---
Valero Wins Four American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) Safety Awards Angela.Lopez@v… Tue, 07/20/2021 - 16:24 6/4/24 Each year, American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM), the industry's major trade association comprised of 296 member facilities, recognizes companies committed to promoting and improving safety across the industry. Four of Valero's facilities received safety awards during AFPM's annual Safety Awards Event held on May 16, 2024. Valero's Three Rivers refinery won the Elite Platinum Safety Award, the second-highest award, which recognizes the top sites with outstanding safety performance, program innovation, and safety leadership that received a DSA interview. The refinery had zero employee or contractor injuries in 2022 and 2023 and has worked for two years with no contractor recordable injuries. Receiving the Elite Gold Safety Award are the Houston refinery and the McKee refinery . This award recognizes facilities with safety performances in the top five percentile of industry safety performance. Houston is 11 years and counting without an employee lost time injury, and has gone four years without a contractor lost time injury. McKee had zero recordable employee injuries in 2022 and 2023 and has worked more than four years without a contractor recordable injury. The Elite Silver Safety Award was presented to the Wilmington Asphalt plant , recognizing their spot in the top 10% of industry safety performance with zero employee or contractor injuries from 2021-2023. Along with the Safety Awards, the following refineries earned Safety Achievements for their consistent commitment to safe operations. • Houston Refinery • McKee Refinery • Memphis Refinery • Three Rivers Refinery • Wilmington Asphalt Plant AFPM's Safety Awards are a part of a comprehensive safety program developed by AFPM's Safety and Health Committee to promote accident prevention. Qualifications are based on sites passing a comprehensive set of screening criteria developed by AFPM. Congratulations to the AFPM Safety Award recipients. Valero's refining organization is committed to its goal of safety excellence, making it a leader in the industry. Responsibility Responsibility Sharing our success with neighboring communities. Responsibility Safety The Foundation of Our Success. We care about health and safety, and protecting our employees and neighbors. Careers Operations See Where We Work. We have business offices in five different countries.
