---
title: Valero Supports Transformation of Tom Lee Park
url: https://www.valero.com/valero-supports-transformation-tom-lee-park
date: '2022-03-30'
author: Kaile.Chaparro@valero.com
feed_url: http://www.valero.com/rss.xml
---
Valero Supports Transformation of Tom Lee Park Kaile.Chaparro… Wed, 03/30/2022 - 11:33 Valero announced a $1 million donation to Memphis River Parks Partnership to support the riverfront transformation of Tom Lee Park, a park near the Memphis refinery. In addition to the donation, Valero Volunteers will help plant over 1,000 trees in the park. “I’m excited to formally announce Valero’s support of Tom Lee Park. Although we’ve invested over $13 million since 2006, this $1 million contribution will be the largest single investment Valero has made here in the City of Memphis so far,” said Eric Brown, Vice President and General Manager of the Memphis refinery. Valero’s investment will be recognized in three special places in the new Tom Lee Park: The Community Grove – A lush, natural gathering space in the Active Core of the park with a verdant tree canopy providing shade and protection from the elements. The Birch Forest – A beautiful forest of birch trees connected to a new public art piece by Theaster Gates. Pollinator Shrubland – A natural area in the Habitat Terraces where trees meet shrubs, perennials and pollinators. Brown said, “We are proud to help fuel Memphis’ efforts to create the most spectacular riverfront in the country. The newly redesigned Tom Lee Park will transform the riverfront into an incredible gathering place with recreational, fitness, and educational opportunities for families, for generations to come.” The trees to be planted in the park are native to Memphis and the Mid-South and include Tulip Poplars, Carolina Buckthorns, Winterberrys, Pawpaws and more. Trees will be strategically placed around the park to create canopies and shade that enable visitors to enjoy the park on a warm Memphis day, while framing important view corridors to the river. “Valero’s investment in more than 1000 trees in Tom Lee Park is a gift that Memphians will still be enjoying 100 years from now,” said Carol Coletta, President and CEO of Memphis River Parks Partnership. Our Commitment To the Communities Where We Live and Work Responsibility Volunteerism Valero employees logged more than 139,000 volunteer hours in 2025 in the communities where they live and work. Responsibility Valero Volunteer Stories Read stories about how Valero has been sharing its success with neighboring communities. Responsibility Community Investment & Engagement We are proud of our fundraising efforts for the United Way and local charities, our employees’ volunteering efforts and corporate contributions from Valero.
