---
title: Valero and Make-A-Wish Help Make "Wishes" Come True
url: https://www.valero.com/valero-and-make-wish-help-make-wishes-come-true
date: '2024-09-25'
author: Angela.Lopez@valero.com
feed_url: http://www.valero.com/rss.xml
---
Valero and Make-A-Wish Help Make "Wishes" Come True Angela.Lopez@v… Wed, 09/25/2024 - 17:31 Posted: 7/9/2025 Through Valero’s ongoing partnership with Make-A-Wish Texas Gulf Coast and Louisiana, we’ve helped bring hope and joy to children facing critical illnesses. As a proud supporter of the Make-A-Wish mission since 2021, Valero has awarded more than 70 wishes, totaling more than $1.1 million in support across the Texas Gulf Coast & Louisiana region through the Valero Benefit for Children. Most recently, Valero joined Make-A-Wish to host a heartwarming wish boost celebration for two courageous sisters in Corpus Christi. Olivia, 15, and Emily, 11, are both navigating life with a respiratory disorder. Emily wishes to explore the Big Island of Hawaii and Olivia wishes to witness the Aurora Borealis in Alaska. Their wishes will take place in 2025 and 2026, respectively. While their dream trips are still on the horizon, the Valero Corpus Christi Refineries team gave a special surprise celebration for the girls and their family as they look forward to their adventures. Wish boosts like these are meant to build excitement and spark joy along the wish journey. Events like the celebration for Olivia and Emily help spotlight the transformative power of a wish, especially as part of the Summer of Wishes campaign, which aims to bring light to the more than 1,100 local children currently waiting for their wishes during what should be the most carefree season of the year. Meanwhile, in Houston, Valero helped grant a wish during Make-A-Wish’s first-ever Disney Week of Wishes, a national celebration of the organization’s 45th anniversary. Fourteen-year-old Joshua, who recently underwent a kidney transplant, received a special send-off to Walt Disney World with his family. For Joshua, a longtime Disney fan, this trip represents more than just a vacation; it’s a meaningful opportunity to create lasting memories with loved ones and find joy after a long medical journey. From Houston to Corpus Christi and beyond, our teams continue to show up with compassion and care, ensuring kids and their families know they are supported by Team Valero. Learn More about Valero's Support of Make-A-Wish​. Valero and Make-A-Wish Help Make "Wishes" Come True See how Emily and Olivia's wish boost. Off Responsibility Volunteerism Valero employees logged more than 139,000 volunteer hours in 2025 in the communities where they live and work. Careers The Valero Culture Our culture drives the company's success and connects our employees in incredible ways. Responsibility Responsibility Sharing our success with neighboring communities.
