---
title: United Way Day of Caring - Team Valero Leaves Its Mark in the Community
url: https://www.valero.com/united-way-day-caring-team-valero-leaves-its-mark-community
date: '2025-09-18'
author: Angela.Lopez@valero.com
feed_url: http://www.valero.com/rss.xml
---
United Way Day of Caring - Team Valero Leaves Its Mark in the Community Angela.Lopez@v… Thu, 09/18/2025 - 17:21 During Valero’s United Way campaign, Team Valero dedicates their time and efforts to the annual Day of Caring, making a positive impact in the San Antonio community. The St. Peter-St. Joseph Children’s Home (St. PJ’s) and Seton Home were chosen for this year’s Day of Caring. Just before sunrise, 250 employees gathered in St. PJ’s gym for a quick breakfast, where United Way Campaign Chair, Greg Gentry, presented Gladys Gonzalez, Executive Director of St. PJ’s and Seton Home, with a $100,000 donation to support their work providing a safe refuge for children in crisis. After receiving safety tips from the Occupational Health & Safety team, volunteers headed to their projects across the 24-acre campus. They helped with painting indoor and outdoor areas, organizing donated items, deep cleaning the Kiddie Kottage, landscaping projects across both campuses, building picnic tables, and even involving some of the clients in arts and crafts activities. Additionally, another group of volunteers had assisted a week earlier with taping and painting a 75-foot hallway of the Kiddie Kottage and parking lanes outside. In total, 275 employees helped save these agencies more than $45,000 in labor costs for the completed projects. The monetary donation from Valero will help cover expenses for professional services like electrical work, painting, and more. Thank you to Team Valero, who “saddled up” to participate in this year’s Day of Caring. Your contributions made a meaningful difference and will be appreciated for years to come. 2025 Valero's Day of Caring Watch how Valero employees help transform both campuses of the St. Peter-St. Joseph Children’s Home (St. PJ’s) and Seton Home. Off Responsibility Responsibility Sharing our success with neighboring communities. Careers The Valero Culture Our culture drives the company's success and connects our employees in incredible ways. Responsibility Community Investment & Engagement We are proud of our fundraising efforts for the United Way and local charities, our employees’ volunteering efforts and corporate contributions from Valero.
